
.. _Docutils Configuration: http://docutils.sourceforge.net/docs/user/config.html

Settings
========

RSTVIEW_PARSER_SECURITY
-----------------------

Some parse options you should not change.
They're automatically appended to each used parser options set.

Default value:

.. sourcecode:: python

    {
        'halt_level': 6,  # Dont halt script execution even if errors
        'enable_exit': 0  # Disable script exit when halt or finished
    }


RSTVIEW_PARSER_SILENT
---------------------

Default value for silent mode on parser

Silent means errors and warnings are totally ignored in opposed to un-silent
where errors and warnings can be inserted into rendered source and also
push to standard output.

Default value is ``False``.


RSTVIEW_PARSER_LANGUAGE_CODE
----------------------------

Locale code for document. Docutils parser don't support the
common pattern ``xx_XX``, only the first part ``xx``.

Default value is ``"en"``.


RSTVIEW_PARSER_WRITER
---------------------

The docutils writer to use, can be html4 (suitable for xhtml too) or html5.

Default value is ``"html5"``.


RSTVIEW_PARSER_ENABLE_FILE_INSERTION
------------------------------------

Enable unsafe file insertion directives, enable it at your own risk.

Default value is ``False``.


RSTVIEW_PARSER_ENABLE_RAW_INSERTION
-----------------------------------

Enable unsafe raw insertion directives, enable it at your own risk.

Default value is ``False``.


RSTVIEW_PARSER_FILTER_SETTINGS
------------------------------

Default parser configurations used with autodiscovering for initial
configuration registry.

Configuration parameters are for docutils parser, see
`Docutils Configuration`_.

Default entry ``default`` must allways be present.

Avoid to tamper this settings and instead prefer to use project
configuration file or per app configuration files.

Default value:

.. sourcecode:: python

    {
        'default': {
            'initial_header_level': 3,
            'file_insertion_enabled': RSTVIEW_PARSER_ENABLE_FILE_INSERTION,
            'raw_enabled': RSTVIEW_PARSER_ENABLE_RAW_INSERTION,
            'language_code': RSTVIEW_PARSER_LANGUAGE_CODE,
            'footnote_references': 'superscript',
            'doctitle_xform': False,
        },
    }


RSTVIEW_PARSER_ROOT_CONFIGS
---------------------------

Optional project level configurations file, this have to be a correct Python
path to a crumb module.

Default value is ``None``.


RSTVIEW_PYGMENTS_CONTAINER_CLASSPREFIX
--------------------------------------

CSS class prefix for generated Pygments elements when not using inline
styles.

Default value is ``"pygments"``.


RSTVIEW_PYGMENTS_INLINESTYLES
-----------------------------

Enable usage of inline CSS styles in HTML generated by Pygments.

This will fill your HTML with a lot of inline styles. Disabled by default,
the recommended way is to style it yourself, because there is not so much to
do once.

Default value is ``False``.


RSTVIEW_ERROR_TEMPLATE
----------------------

Template string used to format error from ``rst.viewreporter.SourceReporter``.

Default value: ::

    "Line {lineno} : {message}"